[Helm]: Fix metamonitoring secret configuration (#3170)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

## main / unreleased

> * [BUGFIX] Fix an issue causing metamonitoring secrets to be created incorrectly #3170

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fix an issue that caused metamonitoring secrets to be created incorrectly #3170
```
